[Music]
a July 15 mm oh I had to put my skis
into use I have a lot of experience
doing computer work technical and
software so I decided to put my skis
into you because what I realized are
days most competitors American food
Yokoso months and maybe no to finessing
and so I decided I also been your boss
you can come in anytime you feel like
and at the same time make sure the walk
is being done successfully properly and
I get to take breaks whenever I want to
take a break the greatest challenge I
would see is funding because a computer
I run a computer store wires and lots of
money for example if you decide to stop
all kinds of hard drive or types of
budget manufacturer and the different
types you have the market it costs a lot
of money doing that alone if you won't
have a quite possible stock of
hydrolyzed to cost you approximately at
least $20,000
to be truthful with you I was tired of
working for somebody as one I wanted to
be my own boss and to a wire to put a
smile on people's faces by being
truthful and trustworthy and my business
depend mostly on on referral customer
service a good representation of who
really was earlier I realized I've been
to going to so many stores and I'm going
to be talking to people that work map
for my closest competitors which is
feature shop I realize you can't talk to
those guys one one a most horrifying
99.9% of time the a business is based on
Commission so the hotel whatever as long
as the gay business don't leak a but
beautiful salon are the last not one
give is good customer service because
you want to be able to satisfy your
customer because most of your business
will be paid on customer Farrow
the next one I will say with honesty you
have to be very very very honest because
customers hate dealing with people that
are not honest with them
I don't know think I'll probably are two
BB understanding your customers because
we are from a differentiate and and then
different way of thinking so you got to
be able to understand each and every one
of your customers and be able to deal
you know with them and the last but the
last advice how it is you don't know
pass talk because there are times
computer business is very very dedicated
price come for
one night so you got watch you know what
you stock and how much you stopped of
each and every items
[Music]